


Factorial Calculation
Write a recursive function to calculate the factorial of a given number n.

Fibonacci Sequence
Write a recursive function to compute the n-th Fibonacci number.

Sum of Digits
Write a recursive function to find the sum of digits of a given integer.

String Reversal
Write a recursive function to reverse a given string.

Binary Search
Implement a recursive binary search algorithm.

Power Calculation
Write a recursive function to calculate x raised to the power n.

Greatest Common Divisor (GCD)
Implement a recursive function to find the GCD of two numbers using Euclid's algorithm.

Palindrome Check
Write a recursive function to check if a given string is a palindrome.

Tower of Hanoi
Solve the Tower of Hanoi problem for n disks.

Sum of Array
Write a recursive function to find the sum of all elements in an array.



Permutations of a String
Write a recursive function to generate all permutations of a given string.

Combination Sum
Given an array of distinct integers and a target sum, write a recursive function to find all unique combinations where the sum is equal to the target.

N-Queens Problem
Solve the N-Queens problem using recursion.

Sudoku Solver
Implement a recursive solution to solve a given Sudoku puzzle.

Word Break Problem
Given a string and a dictionary of words, write a recursive function to determine if the string can be segmented into a space-separated sequence of dictionary words.

Longest Increasing Subsequence
Write a recursive function to find the length of the longest increasing subsequence in an array.

Kth Symbol in Grammar
Write a recursive function to find the K-th symbol in the grammar described by a specific set of rules (LeetCode problem).

Count of Subsets with a Given Sum
Write a recursive function to count the number of subsets of a given array that sum up to a given target.

Word Search II
Given a 2D board and a list of words, write a recursive function to find all words in the board.

Expression Add Operators
Given a string that contains only digits, write a recursive function to add binary operators (+, -, *) between the digits to make the expression evaluate to a target value (LeetCode problem).


